# Biedri Web App
#### Video Demo:  <URL HERE>
#### Description:

There are plenty of students who do not feel as a part of their school community, they have a lack of motivation towards learning. We believe that the root cause is the fact that they haven’t found their specific niche. The best solution for promoting a combination of theoretical knowledge, flexibility, ability to work in a team leadership, time management and communication skills is interest related education. When it comes to interest groups and student clubs, some problems have to be faced. The toughest one is accessibility. There is a narrow choice of extra-curricular activities in small towns. Secondly, it may be difficult to find fellow thinkers. Thirdly, there is a lack of knowledge for leading a group of like-minded people. But many secondary school students would like to take a part in some kind of interest club (for example, discussions, genealogy, cooking etc. – everyone has something they are passionate about). 

Seeking the solution in countries like USA, the aim is to popularize creation of like-minded clubs in Europe. But the game-changer developed as part of CS50x final project is the Biedri Web App. It is a solution for all of the previously mentioned issues and even more. The app is meant for those who are passionate about their hobby or interest field. It’s also well-suited for students who want to do something but are not sure: what exactly? 

The app is meant for registered users. Email is required for the registration (as well as users full name, region and school). In the app it is possible to create a page for your club and show your field of work (category, description, goal, address and location). A new user sees recommended clubs and can easily join them. The club leaders can accept or refuse new applicants, as well as view members' profiles, manage membership and adjust the clubs profile page. There is also a map of all existing clubs, so the student can see clubs nearby. The future development for Biedri Web App includes a group chat system for members of the same club, a page for posting club's work (a closed "social media"), a smarter recommendation algorythm for new users, and a section with tips in leadership, communication, work organisation etc. 

The navbar can be used to navigate throughout the webapp. By clicking the Biedri logo, you get drafted to the main page which includes all clubs. The app is responsive to different screen sizes. It is hosted online here: kenryhraval.pythonanywhere.com

All in all, Biedri Web App is an interest related education supporting instrument that promotes growth of students, regional development and links between educational institutions.
